Forest World Scenarios
 	1) 				Bandit Attack
Your party is stopped by a group of masked individuals. You notice they are carrying blood stained swords and daggers. 
The largest one begins to speak
“ Hand over X gold if you know what’s good for you. Otherwise we might have some problems” 
He begins to point his sword in your direction.
Pay the gold
“Good choice. With smarts like yours you might get to live a little longer. HEH HEH HEH.” scenario ends
    2)  Attack the bandits
“Looks like these chumps got a death wish. Well boys, I guess we’ll just have to oblige them.” Start combat
    3) Run away
You try to make a break for it. As you attempt to drive past them, you notice a trip wire placed between a pair of trees.
 Before you can react however, your cart is flipped over, knocking you and your party to the ground. As you begin go stand up,
 you see the bandits are rushing toward you swords in hand. Start combat with debuff.

	2)				Wounded knight
		On the side of the road you notice a knight lying down against a tree. 
His armour is dented, and what little skin you see is bruised. He notices you approaching begins to speak
“Greetings kind travelers, my name is Ser Galvin. As you can see, I am in need of assistance. 
This forest is quite dangerous, filled with some ungodly creatures.
 I barely managed to escape the clutches of one of these beasts.
 However, without medical aid I would be in mortal danger. I humbly request the use of any medical potions that you can spare.”
1) Give him medical potion
“Thank you. It’s nice to know that not everyone in this world is corrupted by greed. 
I wish you great favour in battle.” scenario ends
      2)   Refuse to give him aid
	“I understand. It’s unreasonable to expect to receive charity from those you have just met.
 I suppose I’ll just have to find another way out of this situation.” scenario ends
      3)   Kill Ser Galvin and rob him
	You reach into your pocket and take out your dagger and stab Ser Galvin in his throat. 
Searching his body, you find nothing of value, besides Ser Galvins religious necklace, now stained with blood. 
Get 1 Ser Galvin’s bloodstained necklace.
	
	3a)				Mutated Bear fight
If you saved Ser Galvin….
	In the forest you hear the sound of battle. 
As you go to investigate, you see Ser Galvin fighting a bear. 
However you soon realize that this is no ordinary bear. 
It is much larger than an average bear, with several abnormal features. 
Both Ser Galvin and the bear are locked in combat, and are too busy fighting to notice you.

1)Help Ser Galvin
	You and your party charge in to assist Ser Galvin in the fight with the beast. 
(Ser Galvin will help or beast starts fight with less Health).
When you win.. 
	“It seems I owe you my thanks again. Without your assistance I might not have made it out of that one alive.
 I refuse to have you leave empty handed this time.” Ser Galvin begins to take off his necklaces 
“Here, accept this as a token of my appreciation. It is a rosary created in service of my god. 
It is said to bring good favor to its wearer. Surely there must be some truth to that, as it has led you to my aid.”
Accept the necklace
	“I hope we meet again under less dire circumstances” Get 1 Ser Galvin’s necklace
	      2) Refuse the necklace
	“You truly are a saint! I will pray to give you good fortune on your journey.”

3b)					Mutated Bear fight
If you did not save Ser Galvin….
	You begin to hear some rumblings in the forest, as well as some monstrous growls.
 All of the sudden a bear comes out and attacks you and your party. 
However you soon realize that this is no ordinary bear. It is much larger than an average bear,
 with several abnormal features. You draw your weapons and prepare for combat.
